1. Trial and error is not a good strategy. Strive for ability to convert a paper drawing and paper calculations into chassis and arm movement  
2. Use a new Git repo. Start code from scratch. 
3. Start from latest Road Runner quick start if available for 2025 season. If not, start from latest FTC library and then incorporate road runner changes into FTC 2-25 starter.   
   2. Use "learn road runner" for initial learning. That documentation is much simpler to understand. 
   3. "learn road runner" uses the old version of "road runner". After learning sessions, use new version of "Road runner".
   4. Use techniques like spine movement or direct movement to save time. Do not go forward, strafe and then turn. combine those in one motion.  
3. Try block java. I have not, but it should bring down the entry requirement. 
3. For trajectory,
   4. Dead-wheels and road runner tuning are your best bet. Encoders are only good enough for arm motors.
      5. Any tuning done with arm folded will go awry once you stretch arms and move. So corrective methods might be required 
      6. Maybe test with arms half way open or make sure your arms are light weight (Rev for arms?)
   5. Augment it with April tags for course correction. But make sure that those are pasted properly in your test fields and tournaments.
      6. Again, if your tunning  is not correct, you might not be even be able to locate April tags
      7. April tag reading and correction can slow every motion down by 3-4 seconds. So use it sparingly.   
   7. Color sensors can be used for very small distance correction and action. Less than 5 cm. 
   8. I2C Distance sensors, like Rev 2m, do not seem to work fast enough. Use some digital sensors. I see some sensors that work with all options (digital, analog, i2c) 
      9. These sensros can also make your initialization slow. 
9. For arm motions, 
   10. Encoders are your best bet
   11. Do not depend on trial and error. Calculate angle based off encoders tick per second count and your gear ratio.
       12. If gear ratio changes, make sure build tam conveys that message toy coding team 
5. Use @config to be able to change parameters from browser instead of changing in code
   6. Make parameter names very clear and group them together for easy searching.
7. Test both sides
8. Build or copy utilities from 2024 code likes "Servo Test", "motor direction debugger", "Encoder count", "Straight Test", "Turn Test".  